[Nagisa] Okazaki? Okazaki?
Huh? Oh, sorry.
What is it, Furukawa?
I have to say, you've been
acting weird ever since
this morning.
So it appears to me, you've
returned to being a weird
guy once again.
[Tomoya] You're the only one who
says I'm weird!
[Nagisa giggles]
I forgot to tell you about
Miss Ibuki.
She called me just last night
on my cell and told me that
the wedding will be next Sunday.
Is that so? The Mr. Koumura must
have gotten the approval of the
vice principal.
Soon all of your hard efforts
will bear good fruit, Fu-chan.
Yes!
Please accept this!
Hey there, would you please
accept this?
It's starting to seem to me that
more and more people are not
accepting them.
And it's not just they're not
accepting them,
but it's like they somehow don't
notice Fu-chan at all.
And that's not all.
I don't think people are
remembering her.
[Tomoya] It's just his
imagination.
[Tomoyo] You're not with
Sunohara today?
He said he was going to cut
class right now.
Hi Tomoyo, it's been
a little while.
Wait a minute, you're...
I'm Nagisa Furukawa,
we met at the Founder's
Festival, remember?
When my dear friend Fu-chan
gave you the sculpture.
Sculpture?
Hey, this little thing.
Tomoyo?
I remember! That's right,
I received a lovely little
sculpture from her.
[Tomoya] To forget after
receiving a present was
rude of me.
Hey wait just a minute.
But that's so strange...
How could I forget that
sweet little girl?
Okazaki?
[Fuko] Today, there are a lot
of starfish left.
[Tomoya] Don't worry about it.
There are days like this.
[Nagisa] That's right, we'll
work harder tomorrow to make
up for today.
There she goes again.
Wow, you returned to yourself
awfully quickly today.
My body warned me all
of a sudden.
It said "Run away, this
guy's dangerous!"
You must be imagining it.
It's not her imagination.
Remember how you're always
playing such dirty tricks
on her?
[Nagisa] Moving her to a
different place and making her
embrace Sunohara's head.
So, it WAS your doing after all!
That's the mini-worst thing
I've ever seen!
And what exactly do you mean
by saying "mini-worst"?
You seem to be hurt when
I say the worst,
so I made it up for you.
Even if you're called that,
I think it's cute.
It might just be the most
adorable thing ever.
How about it?
It doesn't do any good unless
you stop using the word "worst"!
I can't change that!
If anything, I'll change
the "mini" part!
Fine! Then, change "mini"
to "I am" will ya?
I am the worst!
Oh no! Now that makes
me the worst!
No good?
[Nagisa giggles]
You two are on good
terms after all.
Hey, Mitsui!
Oh, from the other day...
I'm sorry, I can't remember who
you two were again.
[both] Huh?
What do you mean who were we?
You received one from
Fuko too, didn't you?
One that looks like this.
Do you mean this
little star thing?
Mitsui, you accepted
one, remember?
And you said you'd attend
Fu-chan's sister's wedding.
I'm so sorry, I don't know what
all of this is about.
Fuko, it's about Fuko!
She's right in front of
your eyes.
[Mitsui] Her?
No, not her!
Can't you see there's
another person there?
There's no one over there.
Is this some kind of little
joke or something?
Excuse me.
Fu-chan...
Fuko!
Okazaki, this is so weird.
She's being forgotten by
everyone she knows.
What?
[Tomoya] It may be because her
condition has changed.
Everyone's losing their
memory of her.
It may be that her very
existence is beginning to fade.
[Nagisa] But that's...
[Tomoya] Hey, Fuko,
don't let it bother you.
Mitsui was just joking around
with you, that's all.
And if wasn't, she must
have misunderstood.
Yeah, she probably just
didn't remember.
You know how the seniors are
so busy with entrance exams.
Don't you worry about it,
Furukawa and I are with
you all the way.
Besides, tomorrow, Sunohara
should be there for you as well.
And don't forget your legion
of many ardent fans too.
Come on, don't lose your
momentum, cheer up a little!
Yes, I promise I'll do my best.
I think I'm getting better at
this starfish business.
[Sanae] The starfish pastries
are quite popular, you know.
[Sanae] We have those who buy
them regularly.
[Akio] Yeah. Uh-huh.
Are you serious?
If no one else thinks so,
I think they're a great hit.
[Sanae] I'm so glad! [laughs]
[Akio laughs]
[Sanae] Then, I'll make a
special starfish pastry
just for you.
Really you will?
I'm so thrilled!
Nagisa, you're awfully
quiet today.
[Nagisa] Yes, I was engrossed
in carving the starfish.
[Customer] Excuse me!
Anyone here?
You have a customer
in your store.
[Akio] Don't talk to me,
I'm doing a difficult part.
[Customer] Isn't there
someone working?
Shouldn't you go and see
what she wants?
[Akio] It's okay, just pretend
that we're out.
Shame on you! Besides, with all
the noise we're making, there's
no use pretending that.
Oh, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Something's different
after all...
All that griping is getting on
my nerves, you little brat!
[Akio screams in pain]
Oh, dear!
I've got the first-aid kit,
my darling!
Sanae, it's all over for me...
Get a hold of yourself,
my dearest darling!
Don't worry, Mom. I'll take good
care of the bakery.
[Akio] I leave the rest to you,
dear daughter...
Thank you very much for coming.
[Akio] NOOOO! Intense pain!
[Akio] More gently please!
[Tomoya] I have to say,
I'm very relieved that your
family is still the same.
[Sanae] Akio, I can't treat
the wound if you're moving
so violently.
[Fuko] I understand!
[Sanae] Fuko, hold him down.
Furukawa...
[Nagisa] [crying] I know,
I'm sorry.
I was holding it back, but...
[Nagisa] What's going
to happen now?
Will everyone just steadily
forget Fu-chan?
It could be that you and
I will too.
There's no way that would
ever happen.
Besides, the wedding is right
around the corner.
You and I will do our best
to support Fuko and her project.
[Tomoya] Yes, until her
dream ends.
[Misae] I've had it, you guys!
Well tell me, what did they
all do this time?
They're all so darn picky
about their food.
I was going to give them
all a piece of my mind.
They're not in grade school,
you know.
I told you, Misae, you're
too easy on 'em.
If they don't eat what you
serve, do your special move
on them, no questions asked.
Then, I bet the entire team
will have a change of heart.
So is that the way it is with
you guys?
Yeah. Oh, I almost forgot.
Misae, here.
What is this?
Kouko Ibuki, a former teacher
here is getting married.
That's in place of an
invitation. We'd really
like you to come.
[Youhei laughing]
What were you doing yesterday
and today?
Fuko was waiting, you know?
Fuko-chan?
I skipped a few of my classes
and did some research
on the girl named Fuko Ibuki.
Why did you do something
like that?
[Youhei] The woman getting
married on Sunday is named
Ibuki, isn't she?
Then, Fuko's last name
is Ibuki after all.
Fuko Isogai is a lie.
But Fuko Ibuki is in
the hospital.
Then, who is this girl with us?
I mean, do you even know who
this girl really is?
For all we know she could
be faking her identity.
If she's a fake, then that's
okay too, I guess,
but I don't think she is.
I have a hunch that she's...
Okazaki...
Is it okay if I verify her ID?
Do what?
I was thinking about going to
the nearby town
and have myself a good hard
look at Fuko Ibuki.
That's stupid! Don't do it!
And why not?
I think if he sees the
hospitalized Fuko,
he'll forget Fuko too.
[Youhei] Okazaki...
You're not telling me
something, are you?
About Fuko Ibuki.
If you don't want to tell me,
I won't force you,
but I have to check it out
or I won't be satisfied.
[Fuko] Excuse me, little boy,
here you go.
[Fuko] Excuse me...
That guy was even a more ardent
fan than the others.
There are even more people
passing her by than yesterday.
[Youhei] Good morning, Nagisa!
And you too, Okazaki.
[Tomoya] Morning?
It's lunch time already.
[Nagisa] Sunohara, did you just
arrive at school?
[Youhei] A strange thing
happened...
Is that what amnesia's like?
A little while ago,
when I came to,
I was walking out of a hospital
in the neighboring town.
I honestly don't remember
at all why I went all the
way over there.
I mean, why did I go
to a hospital?
Maybe I was half asleep
in a daze.
[Tomoya] Sunohara, don't you
want one of Fuko's starfish?
[Youhei] A starfish?
[Tomoya] You haven't received
one yet, have you?
Will you please accept this?
[Kyou] Hey, Youhei!
[Youhei] Kyou!
You were late again today,
weren't you? Remember
that if you don't have enough
attendance days, don't look
at me!
So tell me why you're
so concerned about my
attendance all of a sudden?
[Kyou] When you cut classes, the
teacher scolds my sister, the
class leader.
[Kyou] And that is not
cool with me.
[Nagisa] Fu-chan...
[Kyou] Huh? What's that?
It looks like a star.
Why are you guys holding
on to those things?
[Ryou] Sis, doesn't it remind
you of something?
[Kyou] I kind of feel
that way too.
But this is Fu-chan!
Don't you remember?
We all had a pretend
class together.
Can't you see her? She's right
here! Look at her!
Look, you should have
one like it at home!
I know you took one,
you have to remember it.
Please, Kyou, you simply
have to remember!
[Kyou] No good, I can't
remember.
Oh! It's so irritating!
[Ryou] Sis, calm down.
Oh Fu-chan...
[Tomoya] So, the forgetting
starts with those who didn't
know her well.
Someday, I too...
[Nagisa] I-I don't want to
forget Fu-chan.
If I forget Fu-chan, well we
won't be friends anymore.
We spent time together at
school and ate together.
Forgetting all that is too sad!
[Tomoya] You were always by
Fuko's side and thought of her
more than anyone.
Even if I should forget,
you won't forget.
I know that in my heart.
[Nagisa] Do you really
think so?
Excuse me, little boy, here!
[Fuko] W-Would you please
accept this?
[Girl A] So where were you?
[Girl A] Really? Where?
[Fuko] Excuse me.
[Fuko] Will you please
accept this?
[Fuko] Take this, please.
[Youhei] Hey, the two of you.
You want to go eat?
No, go on by yourself,
we're a little busy here.
Nagisa, being alone with this
guy is boring, isn't it?
Let's go to the cafeteria
and talk of love!
Uh... Well... Well we...
Stop it, will ya?!
Tch. Why are you acting
so irritated?
Hey, Fuko, will you say
something to him already?
Uh-oh. I just said something
really strange, didn't I?
[Tomoya] A person's name...
You just said a girl's name,
didn't you?!
Sunohara, please!
You have to remember!
N..No, I can't.
I can't remember anymore.
But there's a feeling left,
like there was someone
like that.
It's kind of hard to explain it.
Here. Take this.
So why do I have something
like this little thing?
What is it exactly?
Some kind of star?
Is it a shuriken?
I don't understand.
[Youhei] Okazaki, Nagisa,
please listen.
I didn't- I didn't dislike her.
I honestly didn't.
That's what I think at least.
[Nagisa] It's Fu-chan, Sunohara.
It's Fuko!
[Youhei] Fuko-chan?
[Tomoya] It's all right,
that's enough.
Thanks so much,
you're a good friend.
He's such a kind person.
No. He's an idiot!
He didn't even try to be close
friends with Fuko
when he could see her and
the just wasn't cool.
He is going to come to
Miss Ibuki's wedding.
Don't you forget about
that, Okazaki.
[Tomoya] Are you going to the
wedding in that outfit?
[Fuko] If I go home,
I have other clothes.
[Tomoya] We can't go get them,
can we?
[Nagisa] The wedding will be
held at school, so isn't the
uniform still appropriate?
[Tomoya] That's true, but shall
we buy some accessories?
[Fuko] I don't have any money.
[Tomoya] If it's not anything
extravagant, I'll buy it
for you.
[Tomoya] When is your birthday?
[Fuko] July.
If it's in July then it's a
little early for a birthday
present.
I'll do it to commemorate
your promise never to say
"the worst" again.
I'll keep on saying it.
Then, to commemorate your
graduation from starfish.
I will walk with the
starfish forever!
No, come on Okazaki I think
that our desire to purchase our
friend Fu-chan a present is good
enough, don't you?
I guess so.
[Tomoya] [laughs] It doesn't
match her!
[Nagisa] Okazaki stop!
[Fuko] That was very insulting!
[Tomoya] It doesn't match
her at all!
[Tomoya] Oh. This is your
kind of stuff.
[Nagisa] It's a birthday
party set.
Fuko!
Fu-chan?
I'm sorry, I imagined myself
wearing that.
So I take it that you really
want this then?
I don't want it!
[Tomoya] Then, let's go.
You are such a little child.
Oh no! I can't seem to get
it out of my head!
It's so very enticing. I can't
stop thinking about it!
If Nagisa and I weren't here,
Okazaki, you'd buy it for me
in a second. I know you would.
I would never.
I'm so very, very happy.
[Tomoya] Oh, just as long
as you're happy.
I have to say, that I'm starting
to feel that you're not such a
bad sort, Okazaki.
[Tomoya] That's weird, because
you've thought of me as a bad
person up until now.
I like you better than
a sea slug.
[Tomoya] Really? Great!
But I have no idea what
level that would be.
I like the sea slug fairly well,
so you should be glad.
Don't you think that's
nice, Okazaki?
[Tomoya] Right now,
Fuko thinks...
[Tomoya] I really don't want to
be sandwiched between
those things.
Okazaki just has a sharp tongue.
He's really a warm person
on the inside.
Furukawa, I'm surprised you can
say such embarrassing things
out loud like that.
Is it embarrassing to you?
[Tomoya] I'm leaving.
[Nagisa] Okazaki!
Look, Okazaki, a fountain!
Fu-chan, ook over here
a pretty fountain!
[Tomya] Hello?
[Fuko] We're all home!
Huh?
Is something wrong?
What's the matter, Dad?
Uh, no, no there's
nothing wrong.
I thought there was a girl
standing between the two of you.
Been like this all day.
I don't know.
It feels like I've forgotten to
do something very important.
Like I might even eat Sanae's
pastries by mistake.
For times like this,
this is the only remedy.
I'll be hitting some balls
with the kids.
[Akio] Come on!
[Nagisa] Dad's having a hard
time with it.
[Tomoya] He hasn't forgotten
completely, like Sunohara
and Kyou.
[Fuko] I know.
[Tomoya] Akio likes you too.
That's why he's suffering so.
[Fuko] Then, I'm happy.
[Nagisa] Mother?
Welcome home, my darling Nagisa,
and to Mr. Okazaki,
and you Fuko.
[Fuko] Glad to be here.
[Nagisa] We're all home now.
[Sanae] Did you have fun
at school today?
Perhaps maybe the three of us
can take a hot bath together.
Little Fuko? And my little
daughter Nagisa as well.
Mother?
[Sanea] I can't see Fuko!
[crying] Today, I went
to the hospital.
I heard about Miss
Ibuki's marriage
and thought Fuko might be
Miss Ibuki's sister, so I went
to verify it.
[Tomoya] Sanae...
[Sanae] Since then, I've been
just like Akio.
[Sanae] Our dear little Fuko is
disappearing from our minds.
But she... Fuko's still here,
isn't she? Tell me she's
still here!
Yes, she is, she's right here.
She's right here.
Dear Fuko...
You can stay here forever,
if you want to.
Akio, Nagisa and I all think
of you as family.
[Tomoya] This moment
really comes.
So it seems that my own
mother and father have
already forgot.
So tell me, do you want to
go to school, Fuko?
[Fuko] Huh?
[Tomoya] My dad's gonna be
at my house all night
and I don't think I have time to
take you to Sunohara's place.
[Fuko] Okazaki...
[Tomoya] Huh?
[Fuko] That dream about you that
I mentioned before...
Do you remember it?
[Tomoya] Dream?
[Fuko] The dream about the
Starfish Festival.
Ever since I met you and Nagisa,
that's what it's been like.
You always took me
to fun places.
Every day was like a festival.
It's been a lot of fun.
Thank you very much.
I had a lot of fun.
The most fun I've ever had.